Vultures 1 is the first collaborative studio album by American rapper Kanye West and singer Ty Dolla Sign, collectively known as ¥$. It was released independently through West's YZY brand on February 10, 2024. The album features uncredited guest vocals from West's daughter North, Freddie Gibbs, YG, Quavo, Playboi Carti, Travis Scott, Bump J, Lil Durk, Rich the Kid, and Chris Brown. Production was primarily handled by West himself, alongside Digital Nas, JPEGMafia, Chrishan, 88-Keys, Wheezy, Ojivolta, DJ Camper, Timbaland, No I.D., Wax Motif, the Legendary Traxster, and Anthony Kilhoffer, among others. The album follows both artists' 2021 studio albums Donda and Cheers to the Best Memories, and marks the third collaborative album for each of them.
Vultures 1 sustained multiple delays and changes to its tracklist before its final release; it was first teased throughout late 2023 under the placeholder title ¥$. Several listening events to promote the album, including a multi-stadium listening event and a concert in Reggio Emilia, were canceled. "Vultures", which features guest vocals from Bump J and Lil Durk, was released on November 22 and served as its lead single. West previewed snippets of songs for Vultures 1 at a minor event in a restaurant in Wynwood, Florida, on December 10, and held the first in a set of listening events titled "Vultures Rave" two days later, which featured artists of whom were intended to appear on the album. Listening parties in Chicago and New York City on February 8 and 9, 2024, respectively, bookended the release of the second single, "Talking / Once Again", which features uncredited guest vocals from North West. The album was released on February 10, commemorating the twentieth anniversary of West's debut studio album, The College Dropout (2004). It is set to be followed up by Vultures 2 and Vultures 3, slated for release on March 8 and April 5, respectively. On February 15, 2024, the business-to-business music distributor FUGA started to remove the album from streaming and download services, because it had been published using their platform's automated processes after they had explicitly declined to publish it. It was redistributed the same day through Label Engine.